12/02/06 - Early Morning
	How could you do this to me? How could you die? How am I going to go through life without you? Without ever seeing you again? We were supposed to be there for eachother for the rest of our lives, that’s what siblings do. You aren’t supposed to die when I’m just getting to know you. 
	This has to be a nightmare. This doesn’t happen in real life. The people I love don’t die. We’ve already been through so much.
	How can you be gone? You were just here.*


12/02/16 - Mid Morning
	I tried calling my friends to let them know. I got through one phone call before I had to have Cyndy and Mary call everyone. I did call my friend Leonard. Weird first choice of call, but I figured it’d be a quick call and he wouldn’t overreact or something. I wouldn’t have been able to deal with anyone else. Most of my friends would have been emotional. Even that short call reduced me to hysterics after I hung up. Somehow saying you died makes it all the more real.*


12/02/06 - Mid-Day
I haven’t cried since I found out you died. Are you mad that I’m not? Do you want me to be? Should I feel guilty for not crying? I don’t think I can cry anymore.
I’m sitting here wrapped in the same blanket on the same couch you were sleeping on just last night. You’ll never sit here again.*


12/04/06
	Did you know how much goes into a funeral? Apparently it’s a lot. And I’m not even included in most of the decisions. I wish I could be. I’m a part of it and it feels like mom and dad want to keep me out. I assume they’re trying to protect me, but there isn’t anything else they can protect me from.
	They did let me pick what you would be buried in. It feels like a pretty minor decision.
	It’s a weird thought, what would you want to be buried in?*


12/05/06 - Nighttime
	We just had your wake. It seemed like the line would never end. We were supposed to be able to stop for dinner, but there were too many people to have time to stop. I guess you really were as popular as we all suspected.
I think there were a higher percentage of people I didn’t know than those I did.
I spent more time comforting others than they spent comforting me. So many people expected hugs from me. Even the people I didn’t know. I hugged them even though it made me really uncomfortable. I felt obligated to do so.
I didn’t cry the entire time. I don’t know why I couldn’t. Probably because I have no more tears in my entire body. Or it could be because I need to be strong for mom and dad. They can’t see me cry.*


12/05/06 - Late
	I can’t begin to explain how much I hate everything people have been saying. “Everything happens for a reason.” “He’s in a better place.” “God needed him.” “It’s all a part of God’s plan.” “I can’t understand what you’re going through. I’m so sorry.”
	What reason could there ever be for the death of a seventeen year old? What reason could there be to ripping a family apart? Do they expect me to get some comfort from talking about God? I don’t believe in him. If he was real, how could his plan involve your death? And what better place? It’s not like you were suffering here. Every time someone says “I can’t understand,” I just want to yell at them. Of course you can’t understand. It feels like they’re rubbing their good fortune in my face. “I can’t understand because I’m lucky enough to have my family alive.” Well good for them.*


12/06/06 - Afternoon
	We just got home from your burial. Luckily the weather was ok, which you can never predict in December.
	The burial was private. Your friends carried your casket. I don’t know who picked yellow roses for on top of your casket. You probably would have preferred pink. Another decision I was left out of. I feel like they don’t even care about my opinion or what I want.
The whole family was there, even Gracie.
I didn’t cry.*


12/06/06 - Nighttime
	We just had your funeral. Around 1,000 people came. Can you believe that? I wonder how many people would have shown up if I had died. Definitely not that many.
	Steve Mitchell sang a song. It was Bring Him Home from Les Mis. I never associated that song with you. Remember when we went on vacation and you kept singing Starlight Express? I associate that with you. I guess that Les Mis is more appropriate. If I’d been asked, I would have suggested Starlight Express. I wasn’t.*
	
12/08/06
	I’ve been thinking a lot. I feel guilty. If I hadn’t let those girls in. If I was able to be stronger and stand up to them.
	I know mom and dad blame themselves. But they weren’t home, I was.
	Maybe this is happening because of all the times I wished you would die when I was younger. I did. I hated you. That’s no surprise really. You hated me too. For years I thought that our behavior was normal. It wasn’t. I mean, we were awful to each other.
	We’d only been nice to each other for this past year. I only had a taste of what having an actual sibling was like. I feel like the universe is taunting me. I wished you were dead. In return I got to know what kind of relationship we could have had before it was all taken away from me.
	Maybe it is my fault.*


Mid December 2006
	Is it normal to be numb? I feel like I’ve experienced every emotion in the past weeks and now there aren’t any left. I feel hollow. Like your death took a part of me with it. It’s like a hole. A hole that will probably never be filled again.
	I don’t feel like myself.*


12/25/06
	I never knew it was possible to hate Christmas this much. The first holiday without you and it has to be the biggest and “happiest” of the year. Screw Christmas cheer, peace on earth, and all that crap.
	Christmas decorations make me angry. I can’t count the time I’ve wanted to tear down people’s lights or kick over their reindeer statues. I feel like they’re mocking me. Reminding me that I’ll never have another Christmas with you. Reminding me that I’m not happy. Reminding me that you’re dead.*


1/3/2007
	I got a Facebook message from your sister. At least she says she is your half sister. I guess you have the same birth mother. She just found out you died. She didn’t even know she had a brother until now.
	I don’t think it’s appropriate that she is calling herself your sister. She’s not. I mean, she is by DNA, but that’s not what makes a sister. We grew up together. We only had each other. You were the only brother I knew, and I’m the only sister you knew.
	I’m your sister, not her.
	She seemed upset by your death. She implied that as your “real” sister, she had more of a reason to be upset than me because I was not your “real” sister.
	What kind of messed up logic led her to that conclusion?*


Mid January 2007
	We went on vacation. Dad made us. It was miserable. Mom and I didn’t want to go.
	We went back to Atlantis. Remember all our family vacations there? I think dad picked it because it was one of your favorite places. I didn’t want to go because it was your favorite place. Memories of you were everywhere.
	It was weird being so sad somewhere so beautiful. It felt wrong to be sad.*


Late January 2007
	I started at Conard. I couldn’t stay at K-O. Not after what they did to you. It’s weird seeing everyone I haven’t seen since elementary school. Everyone here knows what happened to you. I wish I was somewhere where no one knew. Then I could be invisible. Instead I have people looking at me with pity. I don’t want their pity. To them, I’m “that girl with the dead brother.” There is nothing else to me at this point.
	Seeing other people happy makes me angry. They’re throwing their happiness in my face, almost taunting me.
	Will I ever feel happy again?*


February 2007
	I’ve been going to therapy and taking anti depressants now. I haven’t noticed anything different, but everyone says it takes time. I think mom and dad are worried about me. I keep telling them I’m fine. I’m probably lying. But I’d rather continue to be numb than feel. It’s easier that way.*


05/03/07
	It’s my first birthday without you. It marks the fact that I’m moving forward and you never will. I’m ageing and you never will. A marker that I’m moving further and further away from when you were alive. 
The day after the 14th anniversary of your death, December 2nd, 2020, I’ll have lived most of my life without you. 3 years from today, I’ll be older than you ever were. How can I still be your little sister then? How can I live a life where you will only be a fraction of it?*


12/02/2007
	It’s been one year since you died. I think it’s the first time I’ve cried in almost a year. I can’t hold it in anymore. I don’t care about being strong for mom and dad anymore. It’s killing me.
	This whole year I’ve been waiting for you to just be in the shower one morning when I wake up, like you always were. I’ve been waiting for this whole year to be a bad dream and I’d wake up on December 2nd, 2006 and you’d be there.
	We released pink balloons with messages written to you on them. We stood there and watched them until we couldn’t see them anymore. It was beautiful.*


September 2008
	I’m not going back to school for this year. Trying to balance school with this depression and anger is near impossible. I still don’t trust school officials after what happened with you. I have too many negative feelings about schools to actually go to one right now. I don’t see the point in going when a small group of school officials could expel you and basically ruin your life, even if you’d never been in trouble before and your offense was minor.
	If you hadn’t died, I’d be in school and everything would be fine. School was all I had. It was all I was good at. Now I’m struggling and it’s all your fault. You were always jealous of my academic abilities. Now those are gone. Are you pleased?*


September 2009
	I’ve now entered what I hope to be my last high school. 4 High Schools in 3 years has to be some kind of record. I don’t want to blame you. But I do.
	It’s conflicting having all of these negative feelings about you and feeling like I’m not supposed to. “Don’t speak ill of the dead” and all that. But it feels fake. We didn’t have a good relationship for most of your life. How can I deal with your death without being able to talk about that? When you died, everyone only talked about the great things about you. No one wants to mention the hurt and pain you caused some of us.
	I feel like my feelings are wrong. I feel like I’m a bad person for thinking bad things about you, blaming you, and being angry at you. I don’t talk about this with anyone because I’m worried they’ll be mad for saying bad things about you. It’s like death makes you immune to criticism and the truth. How can I move forward while feeling shame for my feelings?
	Sometimes I feel as though mom and dad want to rewrite your history. Or at least gloss over some of the bad parts.
	It feels wrong.*


June 2011
	I just graduated from High School. Something you never got the chance to do. It’s getting hard hitting these life events that you never did. You’re my older brother. Why am I graduating when you never did? It’s just another reminder that life is moving forward, but you’re not. You’ll never be here to experience this with. I’ll never look out and see your face in the crowd cheering me on. I’ll never be able to cheer you on when you would have achieved things. I know I should be happy today because I’m finally graduating high school after four different schools and a year off, but I’m not. I’m just thinking about you. However, I have to paste a fake smile on my face and pretend that everything is ok.*


June 2011
	The lawsuit with the families of the girls just settled. I’m pissed. We should have fought harder, but I, once again, was not included in this. Another example of mom and dad trying to protect me. I still can’t understand what they think they can protect me from.
	Anyways, you’d be pissed too. In addition to medical expenses for their minor injuries of a concussion and sprained neck, they want pain and suffering money. What pain and suffering? They’re fine. They have no lasting damage. They’re not dead. Their families did not lose a child. Their siblings did not lose them.
	We lost you. Our pain and suffering will last the rest of our lives. They can move forward.
	Well, they got their pain and suffering money. And you know what one of them bought with their “pain and suffering” money from a car accident? A brand new Lexus.
	Why take more from us? Haven’t we lost enough? Can’t those families just be grateful that their children are alive and well? Couldn’t they have accepted their medical bills being covered? Why did they need more?*


12/2/2011
	It’s been five years since you’ve died. Normally we just gather at the cemetery as a family and with the Quishes and Ways. However, this year Dad invited some of the people who wrote us letters that he found helpful to come read their letters. Mom and I protested this, we like to keep this private and intimate. I was right that it would be miserable with other people there. It felt like they were intruders. They were not people who were necessarily close to us. I felt as though we were on display. Zoo animals on exhibit. Watch our grief and pain. Enjoy the fact that this isn’t you.*


12/23/2011
	I finally did it. I broke up with him. It only took a year and a half of trying. I think I only stayed as long as I did to spite you and out of fear. You always told me that no one would ever love me. He said he loved me. I was afraid that you were right, that no one else would ever love me. I was worried that if I ended it, I’d never find anyone else. I stayed even though it was destroying me inside.
	I was also alone before him. I had no one. I thought that I finally had someone to talk to. Someone who could understand. But he didn’t. He couldn’t understand. He never had a loss like mine. How can anyone who hasn’t ever understand me? How can I ever connect to someone who hasn’t?
	People who haven’t experienced this just look at me with pity? How can I have any sort of relationship, romantic or otherwise, with someone who pities me? I’ll always be “that girl with the dead brother” in their eyes.*


12/24/2011
	I’ve been thinking more about my future.
	If I ever get married, whoever I marry will likely have never known you. If I ever have kids, they’ll never know you.
	I don’t think I can handle that.
	How will I ever trust that someone is with me because they want to be or because they pity me and don’t want to hurt me?
	I can’t connect with people. I speak so casually about death because it’s a major part of my life. I’m open about talking about you and your death. This usually makes people uncomfortable. I can’t tip toe around discussing death, I’ll always be grieving you. I can’t have a life where I feel like I can’t talk about you.
	I don’t think I’ll ever meet someone who can understand.*


October 2012
	Well, I’ve withdrawn from college. I thought I could do it, but it seems that my problems with school have caught up to me again. I think there are too many things I’m bottling up. I was hoping to bottle them up forever. But, not even I’m that strong.
	School, you, our childhood, there’s so much there I’ve been trying to ignore.*


11/25/12
	I’ve voluntarily checked myself into a mental hospital. It’s a 30 day program. I’ll be home by Christmas Eve. It’s supposed to help me with my anxiety and depression. Help me form coping methods so I can go back to having a life.
	I’m not sure how much of a life it was. I don’t feel like I was doing anything more than surviving. Living day to day. I don’t feel like I have any choices. I don’t have the energy to do anything but survive.
	Everyone says I’m strong. They’re impressed with my ability to continue on every day even though I’ve suffered a tragic and life altering loss. Saying I’m strong implies that I have a choice in it. I don’t.* 


September 2015
	Dad’s memoir was released. I didn’t think it would actually happen. I thought he would write it for therapy and then get over it. If I knew he was serious about releasing it, I would have opposed it more.
	I don’t like that anyone who wants to is going to be able to read about the most painful experience in our lives. I’m also not a fan of how dad portrayed me. Fortunately I’m barely mentioned. However, when I am, it’s either as a complete daddy’s girl and suck up or he’s saying that we were close friends. It makes me wonder how much he even paid attention to our childhood. I know he worked a lot. But from this, it seems like he barely knew us.
	I also don’t like some of the things implied about mom’s parenting.
	This is just another time he’s made your death and our private lives public. Remember me telling you about the fifth anniversary of your death? He’s turned your death into his own crusade.*


05/08/16
	It’s Mother’s Day
	I just had dinner with dad. He told me that he and mom are getting divorced. He told me this on Mother’s Day. Mother’s Day.
	Why did you have to leave me? I don’t know if I can do this alone.
	I’m mad at you. I’m pissed. You left me here alone to deal with everything. I was already scared about being stuck in Connecticut for the rest of my life having to take care of mom and dad because they have no one else. I see what mom and her siblings do for grandpa and did for grandma. I’d have to stay home to do that. I can’t do that. And now they won’t even have each other in their old age. So thank you for leaving me alone to deal with this.
	Why can’t you be here? I need you.*


05/28/16
Hey Reid,
	My friend Ali passed away last night. I know you never knew her. But she was a good friend. She was probably the first person who didn’t look at me with pity when they heard my brother had died. She didn’t care. Well, of course she cared. But, she didn’t pity me.
Anyway. Now some of our mutual friends are coming to me. Asking me what is appropriate. What to wear to the wake and funeral. If they should send flowers. If they should see her parents. I don’t know these things.
I feel as though they see me as some kind of death expert who can tell them what to do because I’ve done it before. You know I have trouble with the idea that I’m just seen as “that girl with the dead brother.” And their actions are just making me realize that that is how my friends do see me. I’m “that girl with the dead brother” who knows about death and can answer all your questions about it. How should I know what’s appropriate?*


06/03/16
	I just left Ali’s funeral.
	Her wake was where yours was. My friends wanted to stay for a while. I don’t think anyone could tell how hard it was for me being there again. Though, they haven’t paid me much attention recently. They’ve been talking to me about Ali’s death in a way that makes me feel as though they don’t think I’m as upset and sad as they are. It’s almost as though they think that because I’ve had someone I love die, then the next one won’t be as hard.
	Standing in that building just brought me back to the day of your wake. My legs even started to hurt remembering the hours we stood in that receiving line.
	One of my friends asked me how long it would be before she would come to accept that she’ll never see Ali again. I told her that I didn’t know. I told her that every grief is different. She asked what she could do to make it easier. I said I didn’t know. If I did, I’d be rich.
	The wake was yesterday.
	The funeral felt so impersonal. It was a Catholic mass. Ali would have hated it. She was not religious at all. It’s funny how religious funerals tend to be, even if the person wasn’t. 
	I’m glad it’s all over now. Maybe everyone will stop asking me questions. Maybe they’ll stop reminding me that I’m just “that girl with the dead brother.”*


12/02/16
	Ten years. Sometimes I can’t believe it’s been that long. Sometimes it feels longer. The day feels surreal. Every year I expect it to be easier, but every year, it isn’t. All the feelings and thoughts surrounding your death just bombard me. It’s exhausting. Everyone wants to make sure I’m ok. How do I say I’m not ok, but I can handle this? I’m not sure people understand. After ten years, I know how I’m going to feel and I know how to deal with it. I may seem ok, but I’m not, I’m just used to it.
	It’s weird thinking that you just get used to things like this. No one should have to be used to it. The idea of being used to pain, depression, anger, and distress, it’s odd. Most people don’t have to be used to these things. They can live their lives in blissful ignorance.*